Allissa Clark's favorite song is '24K Magic' by Bruno Mars with a duration of 3.5 and genre of Pop.
Ryan Davis's favorite song is 'Walk on Water' by Eminem with a duration of 4.5 and genre of Pop.
Travis Brown's favorite song is 'Dweet' by Ding Dong Ravers with a duration of 4.1 and genre of Dancehall.
Alex Rodgers's favorite song is 'Paranoid Android' by Radiohead with a duration of 4 and genre of Rock.
Tanea Taylor's favorite song is 'Glory Bridge' by Chief Keef with a duration of 4.3 and genre of Rap.
Olamiyi Nafiv's favorite song is 'Gas' by Ding Dong with a duration of 4.6 and genre of Dancehall.
Goodness Foudra's favorite song is 'Fever' by Vybz Kartel with a duration of 4.9 and genre of Dancehall.
JaVaugn Sanders's favorite song is 'Ice Tray' by Quality Control with a duration of 3.2 and genre of Rap.
Kiara Bowen's favorite song is 'This N That' by G Herbo with a duration of 3.5 and genre of RnB.
Shondace Thomas's favorite song is 'Let Me Know' by Maleek Berry with a duration of 3.8 and genre of RnB.
Maya Nichols's favorite song is 'Stir Fry' by Migos with a duration of 4 and genre of Rap.
Christopher Waters's favorite song is 'Ice Tray' by Quality Control with a duration of 4.3 and genre of Rap.
Jawad Andall's favorite song is 'Fantastic Man' by William Onyeabor with a duration of 3.1 and genre of Unknown.
Gaylon Robinson's favorite song is 'No Worries' by Trulla Eddie with a duration of 3.4 and genre of Unknown.
Noah Washington's favorite song is 'Racks Today' by Key Glock with a duration of 3.7 and genre of Rap.
India Burse's favorite song is 'Dee Mula' by Str8 On Ha with a duration of 4 and genre of Rap.
Samantha-Jo Cunningham's favorite song is 'Suave' by Alkaline with a duration of 4.3 and genre of Dancehall.
Caston Awadzi's favorite song is 'God's Plan' by Drake with a duration of 4.6 and genre of Rap.
Tiauna Dudd's favorite song is 'Perfect' by Ed Sheeran with a duration of 4.9 and genre of Pop.
Omsola Awoyemi's favorite song is 'Shampoo' by Ding Dong with a duration of 5.1 and genre of Dancehall.
Tyler Ramsey's favorite song is 'Sweet' by Brockhampton with a duration of 4.1 and genre of Unknown.
Daijon Berola-Carson's favorite song is 'Lemon' by N3RD with a duration of 3.1 and genre of Pop.
Kofi Fort's favorite song is 'Frat Rules' by A$AP Mob with a duration of 4.1 and genre of Rap.
Nelson K's favorite song is 'Rain' by Cal Scruby with a duration of 3.1 and genre of Rap.
Lauren Fraser's favorite song is 'Wait Yuh Turn' by Alkaline with a duration of 3.1 and genre of Dancehall.
Henry Odunze's favorite song is 'DNA' by Kendrick Lamar with a duration of 2.1 and genre of Rap.
Daniel Hart's favorite song is 'Catch Me Outside' by Ski Mask with a duration of 2.1 and genre of Rap.
Richard Okeala's favorite song is 'Offended' by Eminem with a duration of 4.1 and genre of Rap.
Jenaba Sow's favorite song is 'Flairy' by Ding Dong with a duration of 8.1 and genre of Dancehall.
Madison Witcher's favorite song is 'Banga' by Aidonia with a duration of 7.1 and genre of Unknown.
Danyah Harris's favorite song is 'Ice Tray' by Quality Control with a duration of 6.1 and genre of Rap.
Zaria Huggins's favorite song is 'Breeze' by Aidonia with a duration of 5.1 and genre of Unknown.
Marley Reyna's favorite song is 'Notice Me' by Migos with a duration of 4.1 and genre of Rap.
Khara Mobley's favorite song is 'God's Plan' by Drake with a duration of 8.1 and genre of Rap.
Nigel Powell's favorite song is 'Freestyle' by Lil Baby with a duration of 9.1 and genre of Rap.
Mercy Daniel-Awebor's favorite song is 'Indescribable' by Kierra Sheard with a duration of 4.1 and genre of Gospel.
's favorite song is '' by  with a duration of  and genre of .
